Fixed #34714 -- Added aget_object_or_404()/aget_list_or_404() shortcuts. (#17096)
django/django: docs/releases/5.0.txt

  perform any necessary cleanup if a client disconnects before the response is
  generated. See :ref:`async-handling-disconnect` for more details.

> * The following asynchronous shortcuts are implemented:
> 
>   * :func:`~django.shortcuts.aget_object_or_404`
>   * :func:`~django.shortcuts.aget_list_or_404`

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* The new :func:`~django.shortcuts.aget_object_or_404` and
  :func:`~django.shortcuts.aget_list_or_404` asynchronous shortcuts allow
  getting objects from an asynchronous context.
```

Author: Yes that's better

> 
> 

Reviewer: Chop blank line.
```suggestion

```
